# Interprocess
This program implements a simple exchange of information between two processes using the `pipe()` system call in C.  It allows the user to specify a generator command and a consumer command, separated by a pipe symbol (`|`).  The standard output of the generator is connected to the standard input of the consumer.


Compilation
-----------
To compile the program, run the following command in your terminal:
<br>
make    // This will generate an executable named my_ipc.

Execution
---------
To run the program, use the following command format:
<br>
./my_ipc -g "<generator_command>" -c "<consumer_command>" 
<br>
Replace <generator_command> and <consumer_command> with the actual commands you want to execute. You can specify options (-g and -c) in any order.


Example Usage
------------
./my_ipc -g "ls -l" -c "wc -l"      // This command will count the number of lines in the output of ls -l.
<br>
./my_ipc -c "wc -l" -g "ls -l"      // This command will also count the number of lines in the output of ls -l.
<br>
./my_ipc -g "echo 'Hello, World!'" -c "wc -w"   // This command should count the number of words in the string "Hello, World!".
<br>
./my_ipc -g "cat /etc/passwd | grep root" -c "wc -l"    // This command should count the number of lines in the output of grep root applied to the contents of /etc/passwd.
<br>
./my_ipc -g "echo ''" -c "wc -w"    // This command should count zero words because the generator produces an empty string.
<br>

Clean up
--------
To delete the files generated by this program, run the following command in your terminal:
<br>
make clean      // This will delete the executable file 'my_ipc'.


Additional Notes
----------------
* The program assumes that the commands provided are valid and accessible from the system's PATH environment variable.
* If the generator command involves a pipe symbol (|), it should be executed using the shell (sh -c) to interpret the pipe correctly.
